# FLL Sofware Kick off Webinar 

## Meeting details:
* Date/ time: June 7th at 18:30 (CEST), 12:30 (EDT), 19:30 (IDT) 
* Link to join the call: https://zoom.us/j/566108472
* Recording: TBA

## Agenda
The goal of this meeting is two-fold: first to get introduce different developpers to each other and the current efforts. Second to develop ideas and approaches for aligning the different development efforts and interests moving forward.

### Welcome (15 min, Kenny)
* **Introduction:** Some brief background information about the recent discussions around software development for the FIRST LEGO League, current ongoing efforts and the prospective outcomes.
* **Expectations:** The objectives of this meeting: getting to know each other, understand where we are now and develop a plan going forward to bring different development efforts and interest together.
* **Quick round of introductions:** A brief intro of people on the call, specifically in regards to software development for FLL. Such as developements, interests and expertise.

### State of the art (20 min, Martin/Rikkert)
* **Principles:** Build on each other ideas, using own tools/languages/preferences, create synergy. Work towards a living ecosystem of FLL applications covering all kinds of use cases.
* **Message bus:** How interoperability is achieved, message bus, APIs
* **Modules:** Current modules (applications) using the message bus, APIs (clock, scoring, display) and future plans.
* **Q&A:**: Round of questions for clarifications (disucssion in next point).

### Discussion & Approach (30 min, all)
* **Ecosystem:** What modules could be developped, what existing work could be potentially added and what is needed.
* **Development approach:** How to organize the work, form teams and and provide the software. 
* **Governance:** How do we keep track of agreed protocols and ensure compatibility.
* **Communication:** What tools would we use (slack, github, google group, etc). What kind of interaction do we prefer?

### Next steps (20 min, all)
* **Roadmap:** The 2016-2017 season (Animal Allies) is a 'alpha' season, early testing and requirements gathering. 
* **Current challenges:** A brief overview of current challenges moving forward
  * Platform / deployment strategy (Rikkert/Martin), 
  * Module ideas: schedule, judging, team admin, team app + others
  * Recruiting & commmunity (Kenny)
* **Any other business**: anything we came across during the webinar saved for later discussions.
* **Closing:** review of agreements, summary of action items, last questions & remarks 

## Meeting notes

### Issues
* Packaging discussion
* Common challenge format (Jon, ...)

### Modules
* Team administration / registration (Ales, ...)
* Judging (Kenny, ...)
* Schedule (How information input, Felienne, Jon, ... ) + HR/Staffing?
* 
