# Call
- Present: Yosi, Alan, Jeroen, Kenny
- Date/time: 02 Nov 2017, 20:00 CET

# Agenda
- Recent developments
  - Launcher
  - Scoring software
  - Pilot
  - Manage updates
- Dissmenation
  - Fll-tools.com update
  - Promo video
  - Collected feedback (Collecting of email adres-download)
  - Manual / instructions 
  - Setting support
- Merging code bases
  - Scoring module
  - Keep interactions going on github
- Next steps
  - Bringing in new volunteers
  - New modules
  - Judging
- Timeline

# Notes
## Recent developments
### Launcher
- In the launcher windows, the management (admin) interface for scoring doesn't have an IP address. B/c we don’t want people to open more than one admin. It is still possible, but have to enter URL manually on the admin PC (if it is not the PC running the launcher)/
- Athentication: no separate login for admin in scoring software. Different roles have been defined, depending on the role they will see different options there. Passwords are generated by setup launcher, are kept in launcher.
- Feedback is needed. The request is to examine 
Feedback: need to examine it from the end-user perspective, not from a software developer point. 
Scoring:
Issues 245: https://github.com/FirstLegoLeague/fllscoring/issues/245
Automatic refresh scores, and update across different machines if multiple scores keepers
Reduces the need for refresh and reload buttons
Opens options to include several other feature requests that required a rework of how the scoring is handled.
Display:
Jeroen working on scenes and group
Demo: https://firstlegoleague.github.io/displaySystem/
Pilot:
Not too many questions from FIRSt, mainly general questions
Operational questions coming out of the call, how to run the pilot:
Who are we going to approach, two stages: first people who are involved last year + people we know personally. Second, FIRST will approach regions across the US, who would be potentially interested and ask them
FIRST will collect the email addresses and we will send them an email
We need a shorter promotional video or webpage regarding the software, to illustrate what we are giving them. High level promotion. Three stages:
1st high level idea of what it does
2nd donwload software + manual (download should ask for optional email)
3rd: manuals and support
Support:
Helpdesk system, with FAQ. Not a forum, contact actual people :-)
Different people of involved, some people can ask questions through web page, some will ask through email.
Documentation needs to updated:
Needs to check videos: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sDIX5sPfCFk&list=PLm7xyTqWtniEhAFW8kqZBXwvnX8xeaSvW 
Default operation mode? Mentions (default) settings
Survey:
Alan will make a draft for the feedback collection.
That would be feedback on design, desired features etc
Merging code-bases
Code bases have changed a lot of the last weeks. There is big gap to bridge
Code standards have been (too) high on Dutch side, making it harder to contribute, feature focus on the Israeli side, which is a good combination but we need to get back to each other
Idea is to make list of the changes that have occurred since the split, so we can see how to merging things back (manually). 
In some instances a different solution has been chosen for the same problem, we need to choose which one to make. Or factor things out in a separate in module, and could even result in two modules, but leave the rest the same
When to do it? Longer we wait more difficult it becomes. So we need to do ASAP, also to ensure we keep the collaboration going.
The discussion should be left to the actual developers, they have to agree. But ‘we’ can facilitate. 
Main difference is in the scoring module? Yes, that are the main ones that are ‘gonna hurt’. Display and clock are more cosmetic in nature
Approach:
Create an overview of what has been done on each side since ‘split’, Nov 10th
Send overview to devvers, Nov 16th or 17th
Organize a call to discuss the ‘aggregated’ issues and a strategy forward
Keeping on conversations github going:
Either whatsapp, slack or github so everyone is up to date
Internal discussions can be within in group, but ideas post on Github, before coding.
Need keep in mind the enthusiasm of the young group. 
Slack informal discussion, github formal discussions
Slack is a safe place
Next steps:
New modules
What new modules can we develop?
Judging
More ideas: https://github.com/FirstLegoLeague/Coordination/tree/master/Challenges 
Bringing in volunteers
Wait a bit to we solve the merge issues
First need to streamline the rest so it easier to jump
More mature/ solid process and ideas before we involve others
Only if we are taken about a completely new modules (like judging)
Common code, or existing modules not preferred, more coordination.

Action items / Timeline
@Kenny; clean up notes and share on Slack.
@All: add ideas of more modules
@Jeroen/Kenny: Create a covenant / SOP / MoU (code of conduct)
@Kenny: Send out doodle for call on Nov 16th / 17th
@Jeroen/Kenny: list of changes, Nov 10th
@Alan/Yosi: create overview of new functionality. Nov 10th
@Alan: initial question for end-user survey, to be send out after first finales
@Alan/Yoshi: Check the videos
@Jeroen/Kenny: setup helpdesk , deadline Nov 6th
General consideration for ACL / permission models, not tied to launcher but works across modules
Perhaps different permission module?
@Dutch group: check the launcher as user perspective, and submit feedback through github issues
Development ideas:
Ask for defaults settings



