# Call
- Present: Yosi, Alan, Jeroen, Kenny
- Date/time: 02 Nov 2017, 20:00 CET

# Agenda
- Recent developments
  - Launcher
  - Scoring software
  - Pilot
  - Manage updates
- Dissmenation
  - Fll-tools.com update
  - Promo video
  - Collected feedback (Collecting of email adres-download)
  - Manual / instructions 
  - Setting support
- Merging code bases
  - Scoring module
  - Keep interactions going on github
- Next steps
  - Bringing in new volunteers
  - New modules
  - Judging
- Timeline

# Notes
## Recent developments
### Launcher
- In the launcher windows, the management (admin) interface for scoring doesn't have an IP address. B/c we don’t want people to open more than one admin. It is still possible, but have to enter URL manually on the admin PC (if it is not the PC running the launcher)/
- Athentication: no separate login for admin in scoring software. Different roles have been defined, depending on the role they will see different options there. Passwords are generated by setup launcher, are kept in launcher.
- Feedback is needed. The request is to examine the launcher from an end-user perspective. Not from a software developer point of view.
### Scoring:
- There has been a lot of work on issue 245: https://github.com/FirstLegoLeague/fllscoring/issues/245. Mainly to automaticaly refresh the scores, and update across different machines if multiple scores keepers. This reduces the need for refresh and reload buttons.
- This also opens options to include several other feature requests that required a rework of how the scoring is handled.
### Display:
- There is ongoing work to develop a new feature for creating and manageing scenes and groups for the display software. This enables people to make presets for the display, so they can be easily recalled for different moments of the tournament (break, matches, etc).
- The demo for the display software can be found at: https://firstlegoleague.github.io/displaySystem/

## Pilot:
- Yesterday there was a call with FIRST (Alan, Kenny) to demonstrate the software, mainly the launcher software and the current scoring and display software. 
- There were not too many specific questions, but rather some general questions about the working of the software (e.g. if it worked offline, the ability to set it up across a network etc). 
- The majority of the call was to discuss how to run the pilot. We discsused who is going to be inivted, how the feedback should be collected, and how supports should be provided. We have decided that:
  - We are going to use two seperate approaches to involve people. First the people who were involved last year, plus the people we know personally. So they can be invited directly and are the initial trusted users. Second, FIRST will approach different regions (mainly across the US), to see who could be potentially interested and ask them to join. Overall, we will use a snowball approach, starting with own contacts but quickly expand. 
  - FIRST will collect email-adresses and send them to us. We (development team) will combine these with our existing contacts and send out one general email inviting people to join the pilot. 
- To involve people and encourage them to use the software will update Fll-tools.com. At this site we need a shorter promotional video or webpage regarding the software, to illustrate what we are giving them. A product feature page. We encourage people to use software in three steps:
  - First provide high level idea of what it does (product page)
  - Second a page to donwload software and manual / instructions. Ideally we also ask for an email adres when they download.
  - Third, we provide a page with manuals and support (helpdesk)
- Regarding support, we propose to set up a helpdesk system, with FAQ. This would be monitored and answered by some of the developers (initially). We need to keep in mind that some people prefer to ask questions through email, this should be possible too. 
- Documentation needs to updated. We mainly need to check the videos of scoring: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sDIX5sPfCFk&list=PLm7xyTqWtniEhAFW8kqZBXwvnX8xeaSvW . And additoinaly create new videos for display, clock and launcher. We should also mention the default settings in the explanations, and illustrate where/how people change them and what they do. 
- At the end of the pilot (after the first set of events) we will send out a survey to collect user feedback. Alan will make a draft for the feedback collection. This survey would collect feedback on design, desired features etc.

## Merging code-bases
- Code bases have changed a lot of the last weeks. There is big gap to bridge. Code standards have been high on Dutch side, making it harder to contribute. On the other hand theere has been a strong feature focus on the Israeli side to get quicly to a deliverable. While this is essentially a good combination, we need to get back to each other and integrate the code-bases and workflows. 
- The idea is to make list of the changes that have occurred since the split, so we can see how to merging things back (manually). In some instances a different solution has been chosen for the same problem, we need to choose which one to make. Or factor things out in a separate module. It could even result in two modules, but leave the rest the same
- The longer we wait more difficult it becomes. So we need to do ASAP, also to ensure we keep the collaboration going. The discussion should be left to the actual developers, they have to agree. But ‘we’ can facilitate. 
- The main difference is in the scoring module. Here some changes have been made that are ‘gonna hurt’. Changes in display and clock are more cosmetic in nature, and are mainly in the configuration files.
- We propose the following approach:
  - Create an overview of what has been done on each side since ‘split’. Creat this overview by Nov 10th
  - Send the integrated overview to devvers arounnd Nov 16th or 17th
  - Organize a call to discuss the ‘aggregated’ issues and a strategy forward
- For the future, to ensure that we keep working an intergated manner we need to keeping conversations on github going. We have to use the github issues and slack so everyone is up to date. We should encourage that:
  - Internal discussions and ideas can be discussed internally, for example on WhatsApp or in person.
  - Next ideas should be posted on GitHub in existing or new issues. Or discussed in Slack before coding so people can review and provide input.
  - Next coding happens in small pieces and commits. 
- We should also keep in mind that enthousium of the group and the difference in experience. In any case, Slack is a safe place to discuss ideas.

## Next steps:
- What new modules can we develop? Mainly judging is the most logical next step. However several other ideas have already been presented (including schedule) and are listed on the Coordination Repro on Github. More ideas: https://github.com/FirstLegoLeague/Coordination/tree/master/Challenges 
- We are not actively going to recruit new volunteers. We have to wait untill we have resolved the merge. We can then streamline the work processes and it will be easier for new people to jump in. We need more mature/ solid process and ideas before we involve others. 
- Only if we they are going to develop completely new modules (like judging) new volunteers could be brought on. We direct new peope how contact us towards these modules. Not more people working on the existing modules, this requires too much coordination for now. 

# Action items / Timeline
In declining order of urgens (v = done, x = not done)
- V @Jeroen/Kenny: setup helpdesk , deadline Nov 6th
- V @Kenny; clean up notes and share on Slack.
- X @Alan/Yoshi: Check the videos
- X @Jeroen/Kenny: list of changes, Nov 10th
- X @Alan/Yosi: create overview of new functionality. Nov 10th
- X @Dutch group: check the launcher as user perspective, and submit feedback through github issues
- X @Kenny: Send out doodle for call on Nov 16th / 17th
- X @Jeroen/Kenny: Create a covenant / SOP / MoU (code of conduct)
- X @Alan: initial question for end-user survey, to be send out after first finales
- X @All: add ideas of more modules to coordination repro

## Development ideas:
- Ask for defaults settings
- General consideration for ACL / permission models, not tied to launcher but works across modules
- Perhaps different permission module?


