* Date: 28-10-2013, 19:00 (dinner: 18:30)
* Location: STP Eindhoven, Traverse Building, TU/e
* Attendees: Rikkert, Martin, Sander (L), Nicky, Rob, Hans, Bart, Kenny, Sander (E)
* Dinner: Rikkert, Nicky, Rob, Martin, Sander (L), Kenny, Sander (E)

## Agenda
### Part 1: General (w. STP)
* Introduction of:
  * Github (Rikkert) (10)
* Dissemenation:
  * Regional support (Sander E) (10)
  * International dissemenation & support (Kenny)(10)
* To decide / discuss / finalize: 
  * Milestones / Progress (Kenny/Rikkert) (15)
  * International collaboration (15)
 
### Part 2: Technical (w/o STP)
* Introduction of:
  * Rabbit MQ (Rikkert) (10)
* User interfaces:
  * Referee entering numbers (Bart) (15)
  * Ranking / Round management (15)
  * Design, Layout & Templates (20)
* To decide / discuss / finalize: 
  * (Dev) enviroment (Sander L) (15)
  * XML format (Rob)(45)


## Notes
### Github
Questions form the 

### Regio support
* Direct support is requested from several regional finales. 
 * Dernthe Zuid: Requested a clock, the clock release has been submitted to them. We are awaiting questions.
 * Zwolle: requested scoring software through the use of iPad. However at the moment the risk is to high. So we won't support this right now.
 * Delft: requested the clock as well. 
 * Brabant: 
* Clock is ready for use in regional finales
* For regional support we want partners to earch for IT volunteers to join in and to support their own events.

### Internaterional
* Volunteers and developpers can join 
* Share initiative with interested people

### Progress
* Input sheet: Functional ready, implement design
* Score calculation: ready, contraints to be determined
* Score management: To be done, use csae 
* Team manamagement: Add, delete and manage in the client. No excel import
* Communucation: What in to be developped,, what needs to be communciated. Who can do what
* Deployment: built voor vaste systemen, mac windows, rt linux. 

### Todo
* Sander region's informeren
* Kenny create site for dissmenation
* Roadmap
* Kenny use case compeetion management
* Rikkert what needs te be communicate
* Rikket beheer scenario
* Ronde manamgent; to solve conflicht
* Lego account: 
* Kenny: Auteurrsecht licentie
* Stapel ipad regelen Sander
* Router kopen + simcard slot
* 



